[All Hosts] (ui) more fixes for 'UI-less' terminology (#3524)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/dialog-api-in-office-add-ins.md

### Cross-domain messaging to the dialog runtime

> Either the dialog or the parent JavaScript runtime may be navigated away from the add-in's domain after the dialog is opened. If either of these things has happened, then a call of `messageChild` will fail unless your code specifies the domain of the dialog runtime. You do this by adding a [DialogMessageOptions](/javascript/api/office/office.dialogmessageoptions) parameter to the call of `messageChild`. This object has a `targetOrigin` property that specifies the domain to which the message should be sent. If the parameter isn't used, Office assumes that the target is the same domain that the parent runtime is currently hosting. 

Reviewer: Some tense suggestions to improve clarity.
```suggestion
Either the dialog or the parent JavaScript runtime may navigate away from the add-in's domain after the dialog opens. If either of these things happens, then calls to `messageChild` will fail unless your code specifies the domain of the dialog runtime. You do this by adding a [DialogMessageOptions](/javascript/api/office/office.dialogmessageoptions) parameter to the call of `messageChild`. This object has a `targetOrigin` property that specifies the domain to which the message should be sent. If the parameter isn't used, Office assumes that the target is the same domain that the parent runtime is currently hosting. 
```
